Grandmother, you have just been discharged from the hospital, and your health has not recovered.
Must be restored
Oh, I'm fine.
Besides, you're married, I'm just talking.
Granny.
My company is very busy, that's all.
Go and arrange your work.
Take time to get married, grandma.
Pay attention to the body.
Well, we're finally getting married, but as long as you stay with Xian is a time bomb.
We have to get rid of it quickly.
Grandmother, you didn't even know you noticed that this time made Cixi and I worried to death.
I heard you.
During my stay in the hospital, he took care of me.
Please, I should understand this in there.
Nini, why aren't you happy?
Do you have any complaints?
Did you tell your grandmother that she hugged you?
It is during this time that very few die.
You're wet.
Ma'am, you don't know.
During his free time in Shenzhen, the secretary was so mesmerized that he didn t want to go back to his wife.
And this.
Not to say that the way your rotten boy looked at Lin Lixun was wrong.